Add some tips for expression dialog (#3449)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/expression.rst

  * *Marker*: for every other error (eg, missing parenthesis, unexpected
    character) at a single location.

  .. tip:: **Document your expression with comments**

>     When using complex expression, it may be a good practice to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using complex expression, it is good practice to add
```

>     texts either as a multiline or inline comments to help you remember.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    texts either as a multiline comment or inline comments to help you remember.
```

>     texts either as a multiline comment or inline comments to help you remember.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text either as a multiline comment or inline comments to help you remember.
```

>     .. code-block:: sql

Reviewer: Travis does not seem to be happy with this sql code block.

    Warning, treated as error:
    /home/travis/build/qgis/QGIS-Documentation/source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/expression.rst:125:Could not lex literal_block as "sql". Highlighting skipped.

>     .. code-block:: sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. code-block::
```

Author: reluctantly since I lose the syntax highlighting but... i found no workaround....

      /*
      Labels each region with its highest (in altitude) airport(s)

>       and altitude, eg 'AMBLER : 264m' for 'Northwest Artic' region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      and altitude, eg 'AMBLER : 264m' for the 'Northwest Artic' region
```

      */
      with_variable(
        'airport_alti', -- stores the highest altitude of the region
        aggregate(
          'airports',
          'max',
          "ELEV", -- the field containing the altitude
          -- and limit the airports to the region they are within
          filter := within( $geometry, geometry( @parent ) )
        ),
          aggregate( -- finds airports at the same altitude in the region 
            'airports',
            'concatenate',
            "NAME",
            filter := within( $geometry, geometry( @parent ) )
              and "ELEV" = @airport_alti
          )
          || ' : ' || @airport_alti || 'm'

>           -- using || allows to skip regions without airport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -- using || allows regions without airports to be skipped
```

  find a particular function or field.
  Double-clicking an item adds it to the expression editor.
* A help panel displays help for each selected item in the function selector.

  .. tip::

   Press :kbd:`Ctrl+Click` when hovering a function name in an expression to
   automatically display its help in the dialog.

* A field's values widget shown when a field is selected in the function selector
  helps to fetch features attributes. Double-clicking a value adds it to the
  expression editor.

.. tip::

>    Sometimes, the right panel showing functions help or field values can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The right panel, showing functions help or field values, can be
```

>    collapsed, hence invisible in the dialog. Press the :guilabel:`Show Values`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   collapsed in the dialog. Press the :guilabel:`Show Values`
```

Author: I'd like to keep the idea of (in)visibility. There were(are?) people that do not know that this is a 3 panels dialog.
